Q) How do I check my account balance?
Answer: You can check your balance through online banking, mobile banking app, ATM, phone banking, or by visiting your local branch.

Q) How do I transfer funds between my accounts?
Answer: You can transfer funds between your accounts using online banking, mobile banking app, or by visiting your local branch.

Q) who is the bank manager?
Answer: Ahmed Waly is the bank manager

Q) How do I make a bill payment?
Answer: You can make bill payments through online banking, mobile banking app, by phone, by mail, or by visiting your local branch.

Q) How do I order a new debit card?
Answer: You can order a new debit card through online banking, mobile banking app, by phone, or by visiting your local branch.

Q) What are the fees associated with my account?
Answer: Account fees vary depending on the type of account you have. You can find a list of fees in your account agreement or by contacting customer service.

Q) How do I report a lost or stolen card?
Answer: You should report a lost or stolen card immediately by calling the number on the back of your card.

Q) What are the interest rates on my loans?
Answer: Interest rates on loans vary depending on the type of loan, your creditworthiness, and the current market conditions. You can find the interest rate on your loan agreement.

Q) How do I apply for a loan?
Answer: You can apply for a loan online, by phone, or by visiting your local branch.

Q) What are the requirements for opening a checking account?
Answer: Requirements for opening a checking account may vary depending on the bank. Generally, you will need to provide identification and proof of residency.

Q) What are the benefits of online banking?
Answer: Online banking allows you to access your accounts 24/7, view transaction history, transfer funds, pay bills, and more.

Q) How do I set up online banking?
Answer: You can usually set up online banking by visiting your bank's website and following the instructions.

Q) What is mobile banking?
Answer: Mobile banking allows you to access your accounts and perform banking transactions using your smartphone or tablet.

Q) How do I activate mobile banking?
Answer: You can usually activate mobile banking by downloading your bank's mobile app and following the on-screen instructions.

Q) What is overdraft protection?
Answer: Overdraft protection is a service that allows you to overdraw your checking account up to a certain limit.

Q) How do I enroll in overdraft protection?
Answer: You can usually enroll in overdraft protection by contacting your bank or by visiting your local branch.

Q) What are the fees associated with overdraft protection?
Answer: Fees for overdraft protection vary depending on the bank.

Q) What is a direct deposit?
Answer: Direct deposit is a service that allows your employer or other payer to electronically deposit your funds directly into your bank account.

Q) How do I set up direct deposit?
Answer: You can set up direct deposit by providing your employer or other payer with your bank account information.

Q) What is a safe deposit box?
Answer: A safe deposit box is a secure storage space for valuables, such as jewelry, important documents, and cash.

Q) How do I rent a safe deposit box?
Answer: You can rent a safe deposit box by visiting your local bank branch.

Q) who is the bank manager?
Answer: Ahmed Waly is the bank manager